Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Daniel Guerrero: Late i just i have so much shit going on this morning and I set my alarm and I guess it was on silent my I forgot.
Daniel Guerrero: I forgot I I was in a doctor's office, just a few minutes. Go ahead and take a TV because I'm starting a new some new employment and I turned my phone down and so I didn't get the alarm and I just had so much going on this morning. I apologize. We
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your plan with
Your
Gwenevere Abriel: With your kids right now cuz I can see you're not alone. What's going on.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm actually a like I'm like kids are home from school. And so I just, I'm on my way home right now so they'll be able to
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so that's fine. How many minutes away.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm actually like about two and a half minutes away from home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go ahead and log off. Get Your Kids settle in, get them something to drink. Get them busy doing something and then log back in and you and I can settle in and talk. Okay, see if you can find a room where you can have some privacy. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll stay here you
Gwenevere Abriel: Got yourself a competition.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I know how life is. It gets busy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me save getting a note to where we left off and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's still liking your new spot where you're living
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, it's great. Oh my goodness.
Daniel Guerrero: Like, it's just like, Well, to be honest with you, I think it's like a stress reliever. You know, because, and the other house that we're living in.
Daniel Guerrero: It was like it was it was a three bedroom, but it was like a plain Jane basic kind of a three bedroom house had like the living room and dining room was one room on
Daniel Guerrero: And then two rooms in the same area joint together. So there was two rooms and then it had a background. And then of course the kitchen and the bathroom was in between the two rooms and so like I'm gonna be honest with you. It was just like
Daniel Guerrero: And then finally, when we got our kids back the house went from being big enough to be too small because it was were cluttered together right know like a pack of sardines or something. Well, anyway.
Daniel Guerrero: And so, but our new home that we have moved into
Daniel Guerrero: The kitchen and dining room are one part of the house together and then has the living room and in a hallway where three bags are created two and a half, so I don't have to share a bathroom. My kids anymore. That's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, my goodness.
Daniel Guerrero: And ended up as
Daniel Guerrero: A backroom that joint with the garage and it's all area so like we have a driving garage where we can drive in and just coming to our home so i mean it's it's amazing, it's
Daniel Guerrero: Awesome. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now ready. So let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What what we left off with
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's do a little bit more, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's keep developing this preparation phase. Let's do a couple more activities today. Okay, kind of getting into some creative visualization
Gwenevere Abriel: First one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you to think about a distancing metaphor, either we did it or didn't land in this next note. Does that sound familiar if I said to a distancing metaphor. It's an imagery of maybe you standing on
Gwenevere Abriel: The side of a lake. And there's a, like a leaf or something or down a river, and you can picture the leaf sort of floating further and further away. Did you and I establish a distancing metaphor, like that.
Daniel Guerrero: Well, I know we
Daniel Guerrero: Believe we went through a
Gwenevere Abriel: Protective figure nurture figure wise figure we did that one.
Daniel Guerrero: Looks breathing, something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice nice nice nice this these other two things that container. I want to do with you right now and then distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have to do with setting up down the line, wanting to do some em Dr work with you. But this is just a preparation part. So let's do this together. I want you to picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you have a negative emotion you have anger, fear nervousness anxiety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe an old memory comes up sometimes what will happen in in our in therapy. Some of those old feelings will come up
Gwenevere Abriel: And I may say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't have enough time in session today. Let's put a little bit of distance with that or you might get so upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: That your heart rate is raising and we don't want to de escalate it a little bit. This distancing metaphor can be used to put distance between whatever it is that is distressing but distance between you and it
Gwenevere Abriel: So for people. Again, the picture there on the beach.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can see a sailboat, the sailboat is sailing away. They see a spaceship and it takes off into outer space.
Gwenevere Abriel: And other words. Here you are. And you put that negative memory you put that negative thought on that airplane spaceship sailboat leave something and it's getting further and further away. So for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What would be imagery that I can write down. I can use in the future to kind of put a little bit of distance what comes up for you. What do you like
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, it's kind of crazy that you did you say this because today.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, I was thinking about, I was outside. And I was thinking, uh,
Daniel Guerrero: You know how long it had been. I don't know if this is going to be like right but i think of how long we had been in since I have a drink.
Daniel Guerrero: And I was thinking, and I was thinking about, you know, some of the negativity that came with when I was drinking
Daniel Guerrero: And so, so this this January or actually last month, so it has been 10 years since I
Daniel Guerrero: Mean any alcohol.
Daniel Guerrero: Or any any just any beverage that has alcohol and I'm talking about beer, wine coolers, just anything
Daniel Guerrero: And as I was thinking about, I was thinking about all the negativity that had came with it, you know, because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, let's be honest, you know, sometimes we get drunk and some when somebody says the wrong thing. We may take it the wrong way. And, you know, we get excited we get super excited and then
Daniel Guerrero: It just, you know, and so that's what that's what I was thinking about today. I was I was honestly just
Daniel Guerrero: Like you said, it was just like, just go and just like fading away like it was no longer a part of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative
Gwenevere Abriel: The negative imagery of maybe Acting impulsively.
Daniel Guerrero: Whether an
Oxygenated
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see it fading away just, let's just solidify that imagery, a little bit more. See if you can picture. Some of the things I said, whether it's
Gwenevere Abriel: It's fading away how on what vehicle. Where are you, well, it's fading away. See if we can come up with some some more imagery around that.
Well,
Daniel Guerrero: For me, as you know, as it's fading away, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: I can
Daniel Guerrero: You know, because, um, we had a brother and I, you know, had a real bad falling out at that time. And so
Daniel Guerrero: You know as that fades. It's like my relationship relationship, you know, gets it gets bad you know
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, and so it's to me as it's positive it's a positive. I don't know if that's what you're looking for, but
Gwenevere Abriel: We're almost there. So I'm looking for something a little bit more concrete. So picture this, I'm going to give you examples again and see if you come up with your own imagery or you like one of the ones that I use. So, picture you're
Gwenevere Abriel: At a lake, and you take that negative memory or maybe it's alcohol or something and you can see it kind of maybe on
Gwenevere Abriel: A boat speeding away moving away from you or you're in the forest and there's a creek.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can see this little thing coming down and maybe it's a little leaf. So it's really light and it's moving a little faster. It's kind of whittling its way, but then you see it passes by you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it passes further away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're at an airport, you're left at the airport, what you put on this airplane is some of this negative imagery and you watch it take off into the sky and it gets smaller and smaller and smaller and smaller.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or like on a spaceship and it goes way off in the outer space or in a balloon where it takes off, but you go ahead, that's
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I like that. I like that, even though
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: It is kind of reminds me of, you know, we can heal in a bloom and you let it go.
Daniel Guerrero: You know and how it just, you know, just drips and drips and drabs and then it's just like you don't see it anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay, well, though it
Daniel Guerrero: Kind of like that, you know, I kind of like that a little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well, you will use that one. I like it. Okay, so we've got this sense of for you. There might be times where you can picture it in the balloon.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's helium and, of course, then it's going to rise. And then it's going to drift away. So it's a tiny little dot and then you can't distinguish it from the blue sky. The clouds and just disappeared. So we'll get that one. That's great. Love it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do another one. This one has to do with compartmentalizing this one is putting in a box or doesn't have to be a box just a container.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, probably going to be big emotional reaction.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be a negative memory that you have a we, you and I might be at the end of the session running out of time. And I might say, okay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness. We only have two minutes. I want to have time to process how you're doing. Let's take what's coming up for you. Now let's say it's a negative belief about yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might say okay, let's figure out a way to put that in the container and I can already tell what the container is. And so we're going to build it right now. The requirements for a container. This is that whole visualization thing, just like the the helium balloon. It's your imagination. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you to picture our container that is big enough strong enough to hold all yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: So first thing that comes to mind what as soon as I said that what came to mind.
Daniel Guerrero: To me it was like a metal container.
Daniel Guerrero: It like a
Daniel Guerrero: Like a safe or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say, okay, about how big
Daniel Guerrero: Um, well, we said big enough to hold me so you know i'd be at least five you know 557
Daniel Guerrero: Pounds, so like
Daniel Guerrero: This just do like a 66536
Daniel Guerrero: Like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful. So the requirements for this container are that it'd be big enough strong enough to hold all your stuff now stuff is a really general term doesn't have to be you. But it's kind of interesting that you you had said that
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's go with it. We got a safe and it's about 653 and is it a key safe is it a combination safe, what, how is it locked
Daniel Guerrero: Use a combination lock it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who knows the combination
Daniel Guerrero: Just myself. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: None by just the client. Got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And there might be times when I might say well how yes let's let's put it inside that safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And will this stuff, want to stay
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, will it want to stay in there, or will it want to come out. So for some people. Let's see if this piece comes up for you. Is there anything in that safe that all of that negative stuff will want to stay inside the safe.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, I, I kind of think we're, you know, following you. A little bit, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, there's, there's some stuff that you know I would want to put in that safe and, you know, leave it there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so is what's going to keep it there. The fact that you can lock it in. Is that what's going to keep it there.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah, because I think you know once once it's locked in. It's pretty much a done deal.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, it's
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: You know what a
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I'm going to use this as like, you know, if you lock something up, then it's safe, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: Something in a safe, you know, and you knock it it's safe there and
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about that. Right.
Daniel Guerrero: But you can't access it unless you open right so
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And so what may happen is you in a you and I might bring something up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you want to go about your day. You want to play with the kids. You want to have a work day, whatever it is, and you don't want to bring it out. You don't want to be preoccupied with worrying about it, analyzing it questioning it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll be left in there. And then when you and I meet again, we can say, do we want to take that out again or leave it in there. Okay, so I love your thinking, That's beautiful. It sounds like we've got a great distancing metaphor.
Gwenevere Abriel: You already had this imagery of fading away that's outstanding and we also have this safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little bit
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I know what I was gonna ask you, Have you had a chance to remember on your own in a slightly or highly stressful situation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you remember to do the box breathing on your own.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes, ma'am.
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I want to be honest with you, I, I use it quite a bit, you know, because
Gwenevere Abriel: I love it, love it.
Daniel Guerrero: No, there's
Daniel Guerrero: No that and i'm not i'm not i'm not a real guy, you know, I try not to be, you know, um, but sometimes it just helps me, you know, because, you know, I have some stressors at work.
Daniel Guerrero: You know,
Daniel Guerrero: Where's being a manager at my job. You know, sometimes, you know, so thanks get put them on my shoulders that are stressful.
Daniel Guerrero: And and only not only a work, you know, at home as well.
Daniel Guerrero: So, so
Daniel Guerrero: To me, it's been effective and and i'm not just making this up. You know, I'm being 100% honest with you, I, I, you know, when it starts going to sell that at work. I go outside.
Daniel Guerrero: The door, take a, take a few like a minute or two. Yeah, create the box breathing and then
Daniel Guerrero: Come back in
Daniel Guerrero: You know release and
Daniel Guerrero: And slow
Daniel Guerrero: For me,
Daniel Guerrero: Do the it's been effective. It's a
Daniel Guerrero: bad word. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is the go to for most people, that's the one that's the one. They'll remember because they've been practicing it a lot, they'll remember that one and then they can remember some of the other things maybe there'll be a unique kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Reframe a thought that they can go to, so that they're not staying pissed off or not feeling overwhelmed.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what you're doing is you're making sure that whatever happens you're going to do you in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to function so much better when you are muscles are relaxed all the blows where it needs to be. And that's super smart. I'm glad you're remembering to do that you can do as much as you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know down the line, something you want to do eventually is to teach it to your kids. So the more you're practicing it, the more you can really sell it and like it works, guys, here's how we do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's fun. I'm so glad I'm so glad it's there for you. And it's there for you forever. Okay, it's yours.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so there's another thing I want to do. And I think with the time that we have
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't think there's going to be a lot of interruption. I'd like to develop
Gwenevere Abriel: And this this one can take
Gwenevere Abriel: It kind of depends. It can take several sessions or just one kind of depends on on how how it goes. I just want you to know that there's no wrong way to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, but I do want to see if I can get a little bit more light on your face. I can't see you much. Is there any little lamp that could go
Daniel Guerrero: To adjust. I can adjust
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you're good. I just want to see if I feel a little bit more of your out of that.
Daniel Guerrero: I just wanted my hands to be free, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna really want it for this activity.
Daniel Guerrero: Let me see if I can open up this curtain right here and Jason might
Daniel Guerrero: Bring some light to
Daniel Guerrero: My room.
Daniel Guerrero: Yo,
Yo,
Daniel Guerrero: We are still no
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, I've been to
Daniel Guerrero: You by just hold you up, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I don't want you holding me know we play work. I'm gonna watch you really relaxed.
Daniel Guerrero: I liked it. That was good. I can see your friends. Let me go grab a chair.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got any better.
Daniel Guerrero: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You start this activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta say a couple of times, because people start to think, oh, maybe I'm doing it wrong. There's no way to do it wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you can already tell some of the things I asked you to do, or like why she asked me to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it will it will over time become clear what some of these interventions are for that other stuff that I've been talking with you about the container.
Gwenevere Abriel: The figures right with those qualities, those three three figures.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as the distancing metaphor are really very much in preparation for em Dr work that I may want to do with you down the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this one right here. I want to develop in what's called an anchor and it's a resource for you, but a lot more goes on as we do it than just a resource from okay oh you got you wanted to me to tell a kid to do something.
Daniel Guerrero: Whats up. She's going
Daniel Guerrero: I'm going to doctors leading on the phone will thank you know you may not. He's going side, baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so this is how it starts.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think about something in general in kind of your, your life these days. That's still kind of a struggle for you. You've tried to throw solutions at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it just keeps happening. It's like this. This is a challenge for you. It continues to be a challenge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's a relationship. Maybe its relationship with yourself. Maybe it's a self esteem thing. I don't know what it is, but I want you to think about where you're still feeling blocked in your life, still kind of stuck.
Daniel Guerrero: Myself, it would
Daniel Guerrero: Percent honest with you, I think.
Daniel Guerrero: I think it's like, you know, getting
Daniel Guerrero: A lot more to say like angry or like well I just little, little, little shit but
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get angry over little things. That's kind of gets it.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know. I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know, like they say, oh,
Daniel Guerrero: I guess they use like that. Oh, CDC. I don't know what the hell that means where they're like, Oh, your own CDC, you know, like, okay, oh, because you know like
Daniel Guerrero: And it's because it's not that i i expect like you know thanks to be a certain way. I just liked him to be a certain way. You know what I mean, like,
Daniel Guerrero: For example, when I go into living room. I don't want to see toys thrown all over my living room. I like you got a room, go take that to your room, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: That bothers me like I'm like, get this crap. Pick up, you know, take this shit to the room. That's why you have. Do you want to play with your toys to play with them in your room or go take them out.
Daniel Guerrero: No, I go
Gwenevere Abriel: And use right. Yeah, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a lot of what you're going to notice is, you're going to be almost Wait, you'll give me an answer and then you'll wait for my next question you'll give me an answer on your wait for me to kind of guide. The next question. We're going to go on a little journey.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sure it's not something you've done before. It's a little different.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked this idea from you that you're kind of, you want to make a change around how you react to little things, and you're not liking so much the anger. Am I getting that
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, so the only thing that the only two things that we're going to be doing that, I would call regression, which is we're going to go back in time and I'm going to be asking you to things that have to do with history. The rest of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your creative mind. Do you know the creative stuff because we did it with the container and all of that. It's where your imagination comes in some really interesting information can come out.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you give yourself permission to give me that first thought that first somatic response if your stomach tightens if you notice
Gwenevere Abriel: Like you got tense. Here are all of a sudden, if I say, well, let's scan your body and your hands are tight. Those are the things I'm going to want to know about.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't see your whole body. I can see your whole body. I probably wouldn't have to ask quite as much but I'm heavily relying on you narrating what's going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, my point is I'm going to be guiding you with another question. Another question another invitation, your only job is to turn inward.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for this one, you don't have to have your eyes open. A lot of times we can turn inward. A little easier if we close our eyes and we can just say, Okay, I'm going to get my information from my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: From my mind and from that sort of emotional space. Okay. So right now I want you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the earliest age that you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: That kind of anger being angry over something right so little.
Daniel Guerrero: Probably like 10
Gwenevere Abriel: Did 10 year old have a nickname.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: baloney.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you like that nickname.
Though
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't really want to use it if it's an one, you don't like what should we call this younger version I can call it the child. I can call it the 10 year old. What would you help because we're going to be distinguishing adult from child here.
Daniel Guerrero: Gordon.
Gordo
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay with that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay all right order. There we go. Age 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And those are the only things that I'm going to be asking you to dip into actual memory. In other words, your mind may try to force it like I want to remember. But that isn't what the activity is asking you to do. I want you to catch your first response to my next question. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Picture this home which you just got into that's neat when she to picture this home.
Gwenevere Abriel: And kind of be present with Gordo as a 10 year olds right just kind of see if you can put those two things together yeah Gordo
So I got
Gwenevere Abriel: getting irritated over the littlest things
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're in this home that you're in now. And now I want you to add a room.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what this is all about. It's about an anchor room and in this room, you can have whatever you want. It can have every single thing that you need and that you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want you to imagine adding it to this new home mature in because that's where you're living now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what comes up for you. How big is it what does it look like in there just sort of describe it.
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: Well, the room is
Daniel Guerrero: Like a small room.
Daniel Guerrero: inside the room there's a
Daniel Guerrero: Of course, a bed.
Daniel Guerrero: Maybe I don't maybe a TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Soon as you're in their servants, imagine sort of as much as you're comfortable closing your eyes, try to picture the walls, trying to picture what you see as you scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: The landscape of this room looking for me, left to right. What's over on your left when you see the colors, the texture. What do you notice
Daniel Guerrero: It's white and color and it's like
Daniel Guerrero: I know like plastered is not like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, like
Daniel Guerrero: plastered paint. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Posture white wall. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there any thing on the walls, besides the posture. Wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, any windows in there.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice on the ceiling.
Daniel Guerrero: Ceiling Fan
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What about the floor.
Daniel Guerrero: What floor like you know like
Gwenevere Abriel: wood floor, dark, light bamboo what you got.
Daniel Guerrero: Light Brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: Light Brown.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now, turn your attention to a different sense. Let's turn it to auditory, which is your hearing. When should you be in this room.
And what to hear
Daniel Guerrero: Is silence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Silence
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, let's go to another sense
Gwenevere Abriel: Get a sense of tactile what is quarto feel, what do you feel it's kind of this combination don't overanalyze it. What do you feel when you're in this room. What is maybe the hands, they might be touching something feeling something. What do they do they feel in there.
Daniel Guerrero: There's a they don't feel anything. There's no emotion, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: No emotion and and so yeah those are emotions. What about tactile so right now notice. Let's do a real one. What do you feel your hands are touching. Maybe your thighs right now for your hips, something like that describe what you feel that's tactile that's touch you feel
Daniel Guerrero: Um,
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know.
Daniel Guerrero: I just feel my jeans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing great. I told you these questions are very goofy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So and jeans, you certainly know them as jeans versus slacks. Pay attention to the temperature of those jeans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice if there's any bumps ridges, if they change from, you know, if I if I'm over here to the left. I can feel there's a CD more or less pocket or see if you notice just pay close attention to tactile
Gwenevere Abriel: And can you get a sense of any bumps on the jeans.
Daniel Guerrero: Right, I can do it like
Daniel Guerrero: You know, as I as I show for my hands up and down. I could feel like my jeans like rolling with my hands.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now in this room. That's what I'm referring to as the tactile. So when I say feel, it'll be like body feel if I say emotion. That'll be happy, sad Mad, Glad jealous, it will be in motion. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So inside this room. What does Gordo sense with his skin. What is he feeling, what does he notice texture and temperature, what's in there.
Daniel Guerrero: It's like a, it's like a cool breeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about his feet. What are his feet. Noticing
Daniel Guerrero: I noticed
Daniel Guerrero: They're just standing on the wood floor.
Daniel Guerrero: clean the floors clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah it. What's the temperature that floor as the feet make contact.
Daniel Guerrero: It's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cool far and it's clean. It's a real sense of it being clean
Gwenevere Abriel: Clean cool wait for
Gwenevere Abriel: I know this is really odd, but I want you to imagine. Soon as I say it. What do you knows
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fragrance. If you can summon that up, Mr harder to get to
Daniel Guerrero: The fragrance. It's like, it's like clean, it's
Daniel Guerrero: There's no like dirty air. There's no cologne it or it's just fresh, it's like
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: fresh, clean smell. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how about a taste. And that's probably the hardest one to get to
Taste.
Daniel Guerrero: The taste is, you know, there's like
Daniel Guerrero: Can you taste here. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe
Daniel Guerrero: There's no taste.
No test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cases, the air no taste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look and see how you got there. Notice if there's a door or if you got there in some other way what comes up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a door. Can you describe it in as much detail as you can.
Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: It's a door with that you know that has hinges, the door is
Daniel Guerrero: So black door.
What's it made of
Daniel Guerrero: It's all would
Daniel Guerrero: Handle to come inside.
Gwenevere Abriel: Any locking system.
Daniel Guerrero: Devil.
Gwenevere Abriel: inside the room or outside the room.
Daniel Guerrero: Opens
Gwenevere Abriel: both inside and outside or both on your inside
Daniel Guerrero: Of yeah both both ends. It's like key, key and then unlock on the inside. So you had to come in with the key and you have to lock it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In this key and dead, both on the inside bolted on the inside, right, got it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And get a sense of whether that door is open or closed now.
Gwenevere Abriel: First thing that comes to mind.
Daniel Guerrero: It's closed. Yeah, close
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it locked
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So notice how you want to catch him quick his mind will start to question whether that first response, try and catch them as quick as you can. As soon as I get the next invitation. You're doing amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: So we have that's beautiful, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now turn back into this room and I want you to now pay attention to the song right I was talking about the body before wants you to see how you're doing in there is the body activated. Is there any tension just sort of do a nice light body scan, see how we're doing in there.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm doing fine. I'm just, you know, looking around the room just
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you thinking about in there.
Blank.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the emotion, any, any emotion that you're aware of
Daniel Guerrero: Exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is a neat room because it can have magic so off on the wall, you might have a secret little compartment or your imagination come can come up with a with another way to kind of have this magic in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But that exhaustion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can transform that can be something where you get all of your needs met, everything that you need is there for you all the resources that you need and check in and see if you want to be exhausted in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go. Hmm, okay. So just imagine
Gwenevere Abriel: Something that would help that exhaustion. What would be needed or what would something that would need to go in order for that exhaustion to transform
Daniel Guerrero: Somebody would be near to go
Daniel Guerrero: I think maybe
Daniel Guerrero: Some compassion.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you get it in that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so still you're feeling the exhaustion. Right.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is magic.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's tap into some of the stuff that we've toyed with before, which is now remember Gordo can remember maybe grandma.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like a bear protecting are called and she was a safe haven and also the lion right remembering that and
Daniel Guerrero: I'm sorry going somebody was trying to call me to cut you out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. I'm just trying to include the three, the team that protective figure that nurturing figure in the wise figure
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, I'm gonna give me one second. I had to, I don't know what happened to my phone. It's like super silent.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh joy quick
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's because someone call just turn your turn your mute on and off. It should snap it back to where it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's because someone called Test test test test test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay.
Yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Okay, yeah.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: For a second I want you to picture your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, Grandma.
Gwenevere Abriel: Both as a protective figure and as a as having that quality of wanting you to grow and develop
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as wise.
Gwenevere Abriel: He gave you good advice. She taught you to pray and believe in the Lord in Jesus Christ.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if that is what Gordo needs and wants. See if that's helping with the compassion. That's what the unmet need is in there.
Daniel Guerrero: Um, you know, it's kind of crazy to say that because
Daniel Guerrero: When I was when I was telling you these things. It's like that's what was hitting on you know because
Daniel Guerrero: You know, I wasn't able to be around my grandma that much because of my step dad being who he was.
Daniel Guerrero: As well.
Daniel Guerrero: When I did get that time with her, you know, because that's where the comfort was that's where you know
Daniel Guerrero: The compassion came from, you know, because my mom wasn't allowed you to love me the way she wanted me to be done.
Daniel Guerrero: Because of him, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Daniel Guerrero: That's
Daniel Guerrero: I don't practice in my home, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: My kids, you know, have a problem or something. For an example, especially my older kids, you know,
Daniel Guerrero: You know they don't come to. They don't come to me, you know, and I tell them all available and they're just like, I feel more comfortable talking to mom or whatever. And I'm good.
Daniel Guerrero: I'm
Daniel Guerrero: Like, then you know I wasn't we weren't able to express how we fail to say, you know, I don't think this is rider. I think that's wrong. And this is why
Daniel Guerrero: You know, growing up, you know, in that environment, you know, was pretty damaging for me because I have some of the traits you know that were given. And you know, I feel I did. I'm carrying them not a one to carry on. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's what we're up to you. Did you just did great today. So notice how right we're using you know you allowed you trusted me even though you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have a long history of knowing me you're trusting
Gwenevere Abriel: That this is going to work, that there's going to be some positive experience from this and definitely always trying to get you to more calm more self acceptance to more love always that's guiding all of the interventions that I'm going to bring okay and
Gwenevere Abriel: We're about. We're going to stop because we're kind of at the top of the hour goes by really fast, doesn't it.
Daniel Guerrero: Yeah. And I mean, I know this is my fault. I will not
Daniel Guerrero: Because, you know, I really enjoy the sessions with you.
Daniel Guerrero: Know, because, like, it's like my time, you know, it's my time. You know, I don't have to answer to nobody, or why do you think like
Daniel Guerrero: You know what I mean. And I don't
Daniel Guerrero: Know, and so you know it's a way for me. Another way to express myself in. And, you know, and find answers to, you know what, what's really going on, what's really going on in here. You know what I mean.
Daniel Guerrero: So, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a very good fit for psychotherapy, you don't have a lot of what I would call a defenses up so you're, you're, you're probably going to benefit quite a bit from it. I'm excited for you really um yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you're not letting the lack of having known me for years getting the way. Or maybe you think I'm up to something bad or something. You're not letting
Gwenevere Abriel: Typical defenses, get in the way and that's really smart for you're going to get along or and a lot faster. So we got about, I would say.
Gwenevere Abriel: A third of the way through this activity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, about a third. So it doesn't mean you know that we won't be able to to kind of move all the way through it next time. But I do want to come back to it. If nothing big is going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll say, Hey, let's and what I may do is I'll read. I'll bring you back to that room. I'll read some of the things that you shared will go back there and then we'll do more of the work that's involved. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's schedule another time to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have medication attached to today.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it's bridge to this this appointment.
Daniel Guerrero: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought we switched it so that you didn't have to. We didn't switch it yet.
Daniel Guerrero: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're out of your out of medicine. I don't know. I don't keep track of it. All I do is send a message to the doctor saying, hey, so and so showed up.
Daniel Guerrero: Oh, I have I have enough medicine until, until Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, then you're fine. You're fine. Yeah, good. Yeah, cuz that's what you wanted, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So we
Daniel Guerrero: Got away because my insurance was they were not wanting like they were making me wait
Daniel Guerrero: Okay. So whenever you guys would send me a script, say for example you sent it today, it would let you tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's probably because you still have some left is my guess. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to be really key is that you take the exact dose that's prescribed. If you take too much of run out the insurance won't want to pay for it, etc. Right now, you read every week.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that will stay that way. As long as your sort of showing up for for this part where you show up for these appointments. Okay, so just keep doing what you're doing. We had a little glitch today, but that's the first time really that's happened so I'm not worried
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's schedule another time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it's Wednesday, then my teeth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you still liking the timing of this at noon.
Daniel Guerrero: If we can get earlier, that would be great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm happy to, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: How about 11 on
Gwenevere Abriel: February 18 I mean I can make it much earlier. But I was assuming you didn't want really early.
Daniel Guerrero: We could do like nine o'clock, if you have like a nine o'clock or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let me say
Daniel Guerrero: We can do if we can do a yeah a nine o'clock will be great because I'm just dropping off the kids from home or at school coming home, having a cup of coffee.
Daniel Guerrero: And that's basically my morning routine, you know, but today, they were out of school because the weather's really jacked up will be here. Okay.
Daniel Guerrero: So at nine o'clock. I'm good with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't quite have that one yet. I have 11
Gwenevere Abriel: But but but Daniel What I'll do is in the future when a nine o'clock opens all remember you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll try to try to pencil it in and then I'll say, Okay, I think we've got a new spot for you. Okay, but I'm going to keep that in mind as I didn't know you are amenable to that. So we've got 11 O'clock February 18 which is a Tuesday.
Daniel Guerrero: Tuesday. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: set your alarm for maybe 1030 something that will give you enough time to get to drive wherever you are, be like, Oh my goodness. I've got to be there. I gotta check in and things like that. So we've got 11am
Gwenevere Abriel: February 18 and and will continue to do the work we're doing you're doing outstanding looking forward to seeing you on Monday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Be good to you.
Daniel Guerrero: Good day.
Bye.